Step by Step

1.
Log in with your Octopus credentials

-The application downloads all necessary data

2.
Choose a book year and and diary in which the new bookings will be uploaded

-The application downloads all sales account numbers corresponding with chosen book year$

3.
Open the .csv file containing your sales (booking lines) exported in the correct format

-The application shows a table with all imported booking lines from the .csv

4.
-When a row in the table is green, all fields are valid and the booking can be imported
-When a field is invalid it's font is red or the cell is red.
-All fields can be edited, an edited field has an blue font
Resolve all invalid cells of every row by either editing it's value, choosing the correct value from the combobox or in the case of client mapping, 
choosing a correct corresponding client from your Octopus account.

5.
When all rows are done press upload
-The application shows a log of all data that will be uploaded, press "OK" if you are sure you want to upload
-should an error occur, the user will be alerted and a log file saved. 
Please close the application, no inconsistent data has been added to your Octopus account. 
Contact the developer.

A.
Linking clients:
Clients from the imported file have to be linked to clients from octopus.
When clicking a cell in the column of Octopus client the user get's to choose between 
existing clients, recently linked or created client or create a new client and use this.
When pressing "Create new client" all necessary fields are completed by suggestions from suggestion mappings or data from the imported line.
All client fields are checked for validity, if the client is created it will be uploaded with the new bookings to your account.
successful

B.
suggestion mappings:
To facilitate the translation process from sales to accounting some of the fields of bookings and clients will be filled by "suggestions".
These values are saved in .csv files containing a mapping from an imported field to the corresponding suggestion for an unimported field.
If a suggestion of a field fails in the table, the value will be the default (first) of the mapping and the font will be blue, as it was edited.



Notes.

Ocotpus:
When the user starts to use the application all external ID's of it's relations should be 0.
Don't edit your external ID of your relations in Octopus

Import:
CSV file requirements: all fields are seperated by a "," and quoted by '"'. E.g.  "test","othertest1","123"
The columns of the file should be in the order:
FactuurNummer, KlantID, Naam, StraatEnNummer, Postcode, Gemeente, Land, BTWNummer, FactuurDatum, VervalDatum, Referentie, BoekingBedragExclBTW, ShippingAndHandling, NrOfExperitiationDays, BTW6, BTW21

Restrictions for each field
...